banks I'm sort of a few bhasin got the
December mystery tackle box of ice
fishing edition not here this is a new
thing I helped them design this helped
him put what what I thought would be
good gave me just a general idea of what
I use when I'm ice fishing I'm gonna
pretty avid ice fish fishermen lately um
so hopefully you guys enjoy this and
enjoy what's in the box so this this
month they did Celsius they did
everything from Celsius which is a
pretty good bait company I've used them
in the past before they make some
awesome tip ups or gods stuff like that
and they also make some he said I'm
looking on jigs and stuff like that
some of this stuff is really
cool-looking I'm really excited to try
it out so I'm just gonna go over at all
first off we got a rod sock for ice
fishing I definitely I got a couple one
expensive rocks on my lower abs are like
ten dollars so this is definitely put
that on there save those guides so it's
a nice fishing rod sleep then we got an
ice squirt which is just a little jig
it's 1/32 ounce these look really good
I'm really impressed with these they
look perfect for bluegill bass I need to
sort a pan fish during a yellow color
neon y'all color like to use a little
bit different colors and I'm out I
suppose she definitely liked those
brighter whites yellow stuff like that
then they also got some angle hair grubs
that go along with that these are ten
pack of angling they're plastics just
see how much this stuff is the a little
hair plastics are 179 for that 10 pack
the ice core through 299 and then the
rod glove was 399 and then we got these
depth these debt checkers for tip ups
let's mean to pick some of these up
these are these are really big cook them
on the bottom of your your tip up and
they bring it down to check the depth on
these are like three dollars for a two
pack then this is what I'm really
excited to check out is he's feeding
flash Shane heads these are these are
five dollars
for a 4-pack of these these are gonna be
awesome I use a lot of live bait when I
fish when I fish for will not ice fish
and I'm gonna put just a small min on
the back of these and just slowly jig
that up and down and leave it dead stick
this is a that hook is perfect size is
everything awesome for that and then
they give you that this isn't a smaller
size in the 1/8 ounce and then they have
these in the 5/8 thousands which you
could put on a shiner on or you could
put a plastic on a jig for walleye with
these these this is a really cool
concept I think and this is definitely
gonna change change the way I ice fish
at least definitely have a best stick
around more often now with these these
feeding flash that's what they're called
so for the 2-pack of the five-eighths of
five dollars and then for the full track
of the 1 eights than $5 also then we got
this tip up rig this was one of my
suggestions out of these I always I'm
looking for new tip up ladies and this
is this is $4.99 I just for this rig
which is pretty soon this is uh I don't
this is one way oh no this is too great
big stop hook on there
perfect for suckers they got that steel
leader it also uses from muskie - I mean
you need to go try that
I want to see how long their let's say
they're a foot long leaders with a stop
Hulk steel leader these are definitely
definitely a cool cool rig I can't wait
to try that too all the stuff is stuff
alumni how they use then we got a spring
bobber insert I've used these before
these are definitely really nice this is
179 for a 2-pack of these just a little
foam inserts for your kit and then the
last thing is a cold water fishing line
this is to pound test never use this
lining for I like to call her though
it's 220 yards definitely it's warp a
lot but this is it's 319 so there's a
lot of something that's definitely gonna
try it all out all right so actually
just left us when we went up to Green
Bay or Winnebago last weekend and that
was just awful so hopefully we're going
to try something else home this weekend
um all I should know definitely gonna
bring all this stuff out they're gonna
use it but there is a way to enter to
win some gear from Celsius if share
photo on mystery tackle box Instagram
hashtag Celsius fishing hope I'm saying
that right and hashtag mystery tackle
box what's in a boxing video title life
tissue mystery tackle box or share photo
on Facebook one random winner we've
chosen that January 5th so that's that
that's thicker as well and you can get
nice fishing boxes for 99 it's going for
three months I believe so December
January February I've got two more
chances at least that's what I think or
maybe four I'm not sure yet earth to
know more so hopefully you guys enjoyed
this definitely a very exciting new
addition I think they have a saltwater
box as well definitely cool that mystery
tax box is branching out so thanks for
watching we'll see you guys next time on
ATV